ICT Leadership - Roster

The ICT leadership page is at https://ict.usc.edu/about-us/leadership/. Titles are current as of July 2026; detailed biographies are on the ICT website.

The USC Institute for Creative Technologies (ICT) is led by an executive team and a group of research directors.

Senior management:
Randall Hill, Jr. is the Executive Director of ICT, Vice Dean of the USC Viterbi School of Engineering, and the Omar B. Milligan Professor in Computer Science (Games and Interactive Media).
Ryan McAlinden is the Director for Defense and Intelligence Initiatives.
Rob Groome is the Chief Information Officer.
Dava Casoni is the Chief Compliance and Legal Officer and Executive Producer.

Research leadership:
Albert "Skip" Rizzo is the Director for Medical Virtual Reality.
Alesia Gainer is a Project Leader and Project Manager in the Virtual Humans Group.
Andrew Feng is the Associate Director for Geospatial Terrain Research.
Andrew Gordon is the Director for Interactive Narrative Research and leads the Narrative Group.
Anton Leuski works on information retrieval and question-answering characters.
Arno Hartholt is the Director of Research and Development Integration and leads the Simulations, Architectures & Intelligent Agents (SAIA) Lab, home of the RIDE platform and the Virtual Human Toolkit.
Benjamin Nye is the Director for Learning Science Research.
David Cobbins is a Creative Producer in the Mixed Reality Lab and Project Leader for ELITE.
David Nelson is the Director of Mixed Reality Research.
David Traum is the Director for Natural Language Research and leads the Dialogue Group.
Gale Lucas is the Director of the Technology Evaluation Lab.
Jonathan Gratch is the Director for Virtual Humans Research and directs the Affective Computing group.
Kallirroi Georgila works on dialogue systems, machine learning, and speech processing.
Leslie Saxon is the Executive Director of the USC Center for Body Computing.
Meida Chen is a Research Scientist in Geospatial Terrain Research.
Mohammad Soleymani leads the Intelligent Human Perception Lab.
Ning Wang is the Director of the Human-Centered AI Lab.
Paul Graham is the Director of Applied Innovations.
Sharon Mozgai is the Director of the Virtual Human Therapeutics Lab.
Stefan Scherer works on neural information processing.
Volkan Ustun is the Associate Director for Cognitive Architecture and leads the Human-inspired Adaptive Teaming Systems (HATS) Lab.
Yajie Zhao is the Director of the Vision and Graphics Lab.
